-- INTRO CLIP --

Hello, OHBM 2020 Open Science Room!

I'm here with an update on the MNE-Python project.


-- OVERVIEW --


MNE-Python is an advanced analysis package for
time series neuroimaging data, such as: MEG, EEG, ECoG and fNIRS.

Whatever your needs are for preprocessing your data,
chances are good that MNE-Python can do it. For example:

Annotate bad segments

Bad channels

or bad epochs

MNE-Python now contains a complete implementation of MEG-IN's maxfilter

Perform Independent Component Analysis to clean eye- and heart-artifacts

Cut epochs and annotate them with metadata

Study evoked activity. Any. Way. You. Like.

And when it's time to localize the origin of your signal in the brain...

Perform coregistration between your sensors and an MRI scan

Construct B-E-M models from your FreeSurfer meshes

Define a source space...

...and compute the Leadfield!

And when it comes to the actual source localization...

There. Are. So. Many. Ways. To. Do. It.

Use cluster permutation testing for group level statistics

And. So. Much. More!


-- WHATS NEW --

Now, let's take a look at what we've been adding since last we saw each other at OHBM.

We've implemented the missing pieces to make our *open-source* maxfilter implementation
just as good as the commercial MEG-IN version.

Meaning:

We now support continuous head position tracking and correcting for it.

And you can use maxfilter for automatic bad channel detection.

Our coregistration GUI has gotten some love as well.
It will now attempt to automatically localize the Fiducial points on the MRI.
It doesn't always work, but when it does, co-registration can be done completely automatic!

Our topomap plots are looking better then ever.
We've overhauled how we detect the head position and deal with subsets of sensors.

And speaking of sensors, you can now visualize sensor-to-sensor connectivity in 3D

We support more file formats then ever. Including:
Curry files,
the new NYU 2019 Kit system,
and importing independant component decompositions from EEGLAB.

We are also faster then ever, with speed improvements all over the codebase.

And finally, there's one more thing...

-- Types `mne.viz.set_3d_backend('pyvista')` --

A completely new visualizer for source activity, based on PyVista.

Scroll through time, or just press spacebar to play it as a movie

Quickly adjust the color thresholds.

And click on any vertex and get a plot of the time course.


-- COMMUNITY --

But MNE-Python is more than just a fantastic piece of software.

We are a community of scientists, sharing our expertise so that every one of us benefits.
Every time we solve a problem or find a better way to do things, all of our analysis pipelines improve a little.

Our GitHub page is always buzzing with issues and pull-requests.
Come take a look and see what we are working on next. 

Even better, please join in!
We encourage everyone to file new bug reports and contribute pull requests with new features.
Alex and Eric are usually the quickest to respond.

Become a contributer to MNE-Python!
You will improve your programming skills,
You will make new friends,
And you will find that when you put in the effort to help others,
others will gladly put in effort to help you.

You don't have to solve every problem by yourself.
Come join us!


-- MNE-Python --
If you want to go fast, go alone.
If you want to go far, go together.
